Humph
Public opinion on this
Like a threat
Do you think Ma Jinshan, the richest man, is a vegetarian?
I have suppressed all the hot searches
and
Let someone ban the account of Takahashi Liquor
Well that spirit
Can you do whatever you want with money?
Have money and don't get what you want
It's for you rumormongers
I still have the ability to completely ban you
Ma Jinshan for such a bitch
Is it worth it if we don't put it in the dead medicine?
You didn't keep the bet
Provoke my fellow Daxia
Insult me, Great Xia Champion
Is this the right way to deal with you?
You really haven't thought about it
The consequences of conspiring against us?
Hahaha
I don't care how good you are in Fuso
Come to the building
Even an earthworm
You have to give me an honest mouth
Olympic forensics is an international event
Your horse thief mountain can't cover him up